Makes eco_labels plural in vehicle_types (#559)
MobilityData/gbfs: gbfs.md

\- `propulsion_type` | Yes | Enum | The primary propulsion type of the vehicle. <br /><br />Current valid values are:<br /><ul><li>`human` _(Pedal or foot propulsion)_</li><li>`electric_assist` _(Provides electric motor assist only in combination with human propulsion - no throttle mode)_</li><li>`electric` _(Powered by battery-powered electric motor with throttle mode)_</li><li>`combustion` _(Powered by gasoline combustion engine)_</li><li>`combustion_diesel` _(Powered by diesel combustion engine, added in v2.3)_</li><li>`hybrid` _(Powered by combined combustion engine and battery-powered motor, added in v2.3)_</li><li>`plug_in_hybrid` _(Powered by combined combustion engine and battery-powered motor with plug-in charging, added in v2.3)_</li><li>`hydrogen_fuel_cell` _(Powered by hydrogen fuel cell powered electric motor, added in v2.3)_</li></ul> This field was inspired by, but differs from the propulsion types field described in the [Open Mobility Foundation Mobility Data Specification](https://github.com/openmobilityfoundation/mobility-data-specification/blob/main/general-information.md#propulsion-types).

> \- `eco_labels`<br/>*(added in v2.3)* | OPTIONAL | Array | Vehicle air quality certificate. Official anti-pollution certificate, based on the information on the vehicle's registration certificate, attesting to its level of pollutant emissions based on a defined standard. In Europe, for example, it is the European emission standard. The aim of this measure is to encourage the use of the least polluting vehicles by allowing them to drive during pollution peaks or in low emission zones.<br /><br />Each element in the array is an object with the keys below.

Author: As of v3.0-RC2

```suggestion
\- `eco_labels`<br/>*(as of v3.0-RC2)* | OPTIONAL | Array | Vehicle air quality certificate. Official anti-pollution certificate, based on the information on the vehicle's registration certificate, attesting to its level of pollutant emissions based on a defined standard. In Europe, for example, it is the European emission standard. The aim of this measure is to encourage the use of the least polluting vehicles by allowing them to drive during pollution peaks or in low emission zones.<br /><br />Each element in the array is an object with the keys below.
```
